Document color spaces with ImageData (#21073)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvasrenderingcontext2d/createimagedata/index.md

## Syntax

```js-nolint

> createImageData(width, height, settings)

Reviewer: Does this need to be a separate syntax item? (It's the JS section convention anyway)

```suggestion
createImageData(width, height)
createImageData(width, height, settings)
```

Author: Great catch, thank you! 👍

- `height`
  - : The height to give the new `ImageData` object. A negative value flips the
    rectangle around the horizontal axis.
- `settings` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An object with the following properties:

>     - `colorSpace`: Specifies the color space of the pixels. Can be set to `"srgb"` for the [sRGB color space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SRGB) or `"display-p3"` for the [display-p3 color space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DCI-P3).

Reviewer 2: Only question on the PR, which applies to the whole PR, should we be using "pixel" or "context"? This PR uses the pixel's color space as the definition for color space, and I thought it was more the context's color space.

Author: Maybe "image data" is better? It is meant to be the color space of the image data that this method creates and not about the color space of the 2d context.

```suggestion
    - `colorSpace`: Specifies the color space of the image data. Can be set to `"srgb"` for the [sRGB color space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SRGB) or `"display-p3"` for the [display-p3 color space](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DCI-P3).
```

Author: Changed to "image data".
